=head1 NAME

MooseX::Types::Stringlike - Moose type constraints for strings or string-like objects

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  package Foo;
  use Moose;
  use MooseX::Types::Stringlike qw/Stringlike Stringable/;
  
  has path => ( 
    is => 'ro',
    isa => Stringlike,
    coerce => 1
  );

  has stringable_object => (
    is => 'ro',
    isa => Stringable,
  );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides a more general version of the C<Str> type.  If coercions
are enabled, it will accepts objects that overload stringification and coerces
them into strings.

=for Pod::Coverage method_names_here

=head1 SUBTYPES

This module uses L<MooseX::Types> to define the following subtypes.

=head2 Stringlike

C<Stringlike> is a subtype of C<Str>.  It can coerce C<Stringable> objects into
a string.

=head2 Stringable

C<Stringable> is a subtype of C<Object> where the object has overloaded stringification.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Moose::Manual::Types>

=item *

L<MooseX::Types>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Thank you to Dagfinn Ilmari Mannsåker for the idea on IRC that led to this module.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=MooseX-Types-Stringlike>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/moosex-types-stringlike>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/moosex-types-stringlike.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

